feat(httproute): translate RequestRedirect filter to redirect Kong plugin if sup… (#6804)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: CHANGELOG.md

  a FQDN with a default cluster domain of `""`.
  Users can override the default by setting the `--cluster-domain` flag.
  [#6697](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/6697)

> - Translate `RequestRedirect` HTTPRoute filter to `redirect` plugin if Kong
>   gateway supports (Kong gateway with version >= 3.9.0). This safisfies the
>   specification of preserving paths in redirect response from the request.
>   The target port of redirect is set to empty when the `port` of the filter is
>   not given for remaining the port in the request for the conformance with
>   gateway API specification. This changed the behavior in the previous versions
>   of using port `80` as the redirect target when `port` is not given. It will
>   break the uncommon usage of using `https` scheme and empty `port` in the
>   filter while intending to redirect the requests to HTTPS service in port 80.
>   For such usage, please explicitly specify the `port` to `80` in the filter.
>   [#6804](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/6804)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Translate `RequestRedirect` HTTPRoute filter to `redirect` plugin if supported
  by Kong gateway supports (Kong gateway with version >= 3.9.0). This satisfies 
  the Gateway API specification of preserving paths in redirect response from 
  the request.
  The target port of redirect is set to empty when the `port` of the filter is
  not given for remaining the port in the request for the conformance with
  gateway API specification. This changed the behavior from previous versions
  of using port `80` as the redirect target when `port` is not given. It will
  break some uncommon use cases of using `https` scheme and empty `port` in the
  filter while intending to redirect the requests to HTTPS service in port 80.
  For such usage, please explicitly specify the `port` to `80` in the filter.
  [#6804](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/6804)
```

  a FQDN with a default cluster domain of `""`.
  Users can override the default by setting the `--cluster-domain` flag.
  [#6697](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/6697)
- Translate `RequestRedirect` HTTPRoute filter to `redirect` plugin if supported

>   by Kong gateway supports (Kong gateway with version >= 3.9.0). This satisfies 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Translate `RequestRedirect` HTTPRoute filter to `redirect` plugin if supported
>   by Kong gateway supports (Kong gateway with version >= 3.9.0). This satisfies 
>   the Gateway API specification of preserving paths in redirect response from 
>   the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Translate `RequestRedirect` HTTPRoute filter to `redirect` plugin if supported
  by Kong gateway (versions >= 3.9.0).
  This satisfies the Gateway API specification of preserving paths in redirect
  response from the request.
```
